In this lesson, you built a credit card detection model and improved it over time.
Many of the best developers and researchers I know,
not only looked for solutions to problems,
but they look for the best solutions.
That often means looking at how a machine learning model fits into a larger picture.
The best models consider a variety of
metrics and the experience of someone using the model.
In this fraud detection example,
you saw how to train machine learning model and aim for a certain level of recall.
SageMaker gives you a simple way to tune models
based on the constraints that you give it during your training process.
You also learned one approach to dealing with class imbalance in your data.
Real data is messy and often imbalanced.
It takes the work of data scientists using tools like augmentation,
imbalancing techniques to make meaning of this kind of data.
Take these learnings with you as you get to the next and final lesson in this section.